ezygo
EZYGO app is a customizable content owned by a group of people.' By downloading or using the application, you are considered to agree to these terms and instructions,' which makes us ask you to read them carefully before starting use.' The use of the application is on a personal level and without any material costs.' But you are not entitled to copy the application or part of it.' You are not allowed to use or copy any trademark within the application in any way whatsoever.' It is not allowed to try to make a copy of the application. ' Require users to agree to the terms (EULA) These terms must make it clear that there is no tolerance for objectionable content or abusive users.' Any attempt to commit any of the previous violations or failure to preserve property rights exposes you to legal accountability.' We are committed to providing everything necessary for the success and development of the application,' so we reserve the right to make any changes within the application at any time and for any reason.' There will be no financial costs for using the application. ' The application does not include any bets or gambling to use the application' “[الامين] collects location data to get your location to get the nearset rasturants to you even when the app is closed or not in use and it is also used to support advertising.” Personal and sensitive user data includes, but isn't limited to, personally identifiable information, financial and payment information, authentication information, phonebook, contacts, device location, SMS and call related data, inventory of other apps on the device, microphone, camera, and other sensitive device or usage data. If your app handles personal and sensitive user data, then you must:

Limit your access, collection, use, and sharing of personal and sensitive user data acquired through the app to purposes directly related to providing and improving the features of the app (e.g., user anticipated functionality that is documented and promoted in the app's description on Google Play). Sharing personal and sensitive user data includes using SDKs or other third party services that cause data to be transferred to a third party. Apps that extend usage of personal and sensitive user data for serving advertising must be in compliance with our Ads Policy. Handle all personal and sensitive user data securely, including transmitting it using modern cryptography (for example, over HTTPS). Use a runtime permissions request whenever available, prior to accessing data gated by Android
