Privacy Policy
deltawy built the محمد ابراهيم app as a Free app.

This SERVICE is provided by deltawy at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at محمد ابراهيم unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to name . The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Play Services Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Our Use of your personal information :

1- if you are using our application you will be asked to provide us your personal information Like ( Your name - Gender - E-mail address – Phone number ) and other similar information

2- We may need to collect some additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here We may also collect feedback ratings and other comments relating to your use of the application


The app collects the user's position.

· The user's position isn't shown to any other user and isn't shared with another entity or third parties. · The reason for the collection of the user's position is strictly technical. Protecting your personal information :
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of egypt. We take every precaution to safeguard all your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. 1. All personal information is encrypted. However, the Internet is not a secure medium and we cannot guarantee the privacy of your personal information. 2. You must enter your username and password each time you want to access your account or make transactions on the Site. 3. Choose your password carefully using unique numbers, letters and special characters. 4. Never share your username and password with anyone. 5. If you are concerned that your username or password has been compromised, please contact our customer support team immediately and ensure you change your password by logging onto the My Account section of the Site.

Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Links to Other Sites This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2021-10-05 Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hanymanyy@gmail.com. This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
